Added `nautobot-server audit_dynamic_groups` management command for evaluating breaking filter changes to existing `DynamicGroup` instances. (#3954)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/upgrading-from-nautobot-v1.md

## UI, GraphQL, and REST API Filter Changes

> ### Post Migration Helper Command `audit_dynamic_groups`

Reviewer: This command should also be documented in `nautobot/docs/administration/nautobot-server.md` - maybe most of this content should be moved there and just linked to from this document?

> These sweeping changes made to model filter fields will, in some cases, invalidate existing `DynamicGroup` instances' filter data. `nautobot-server audit_dynmaic_groups` is a helper command to assist users in cleaning up `DynamicGroup` filter data by spotting invalid filters and outputting them to the command line interface. You should run this command after your Nautobot instances is upgraded to v2.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sweeping changes made to model filter fields will, in some cases, invalidate existing `DynamicGroup` instances' filter data. `nautobot-server audit_dynamic_groups` is a helper command to assist users in cleaning up `DynamicGroup` filter data by spotting invalid filters and outputting them to the command line interface. You should run this command after your Nautobot instance is upgraded to v2.x.
```

    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP` and content type `dcim | rack` has an invalid filter `length`
    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP` and content type `dcim | rack` has an invalid filter `region`
    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP 1` and content type `ipam | IP address` has an invalid filter `site`
    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP 1` and content type `ipam | IP address` has an invalid filter `length`
    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP 2` and content type `dcim | device` has an invalid filter `site`
    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP 2` and content type `dcim | device` has an invalid filter `region`
    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP 3` and content type `dcim | device redundancy group` has an invalid filter `site`
    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP 3` and content type `dcim | device redundancy group` has an invalid filter `length`
    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP 3` and content type `dcim | device redundancy group` has an invalid filter `region`
    DynamicGroup instance with name `Test DP 4` and content type `example_plugin | another example model` has an invalid filter `site`

> >>> Please fix the broken filters stated above according to the documentations at available'<nautobot-home>/static/docs/installation/upgrading-from-nautobot-v1.html#ui-graphql-and-rest-api-filter-changes'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>> Please fix the broken filters stated above according to the documentation available at:
<nautobot-home>/static/docs/installation/upgrading-from-nautobot-v1.html#ui-graphql-and-rest-api-filter-changes
```
